Update README.md (#948)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: README.md

## Developer Instructions
Please read our [developer instructions wiki page](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android/wiki/dev-instructions) to set up your developer environment with Android Studio.  Instructions include forking and cloning the repository for those new to Git.

Once the project is cloned to disk you can import into Android Studio:

> * From the toolbar select **File > Open**, or **Open** from the Welcome Quick Start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From the Welcome to Android Studio screen, click the **Open** button. (If you're already inside a project, click **File > Open** in the menu bar instead.)
```

> * Navigate to **arcgis-runtime-samples-android/java** or **arcgis-runtime-samples-android/kotlin** project folder,  directory and click **OK**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigate to the **arcgis-runtime-samples-android/java** or **arcgis-runtime-samples-android/kotlin** folder and click **OK**.
```
